Kirkwood LinkStation
===

Config and Utils for the Kirkwood-based Buffalo LinkStation LS-WVL running
Debian Buster.


Important Notice
---

All the files provided in this repo are designed for my personal needs. The
files are, or were at one point, tested on a LS-WVL running Debian Buster. They
are provided here for reference in case anyone is interested. I, however, do
not guarantee the correctness and robustness of any of these files and any
potential users are expected to review the file contents and, if required,
adapt the files to suit their needs.

Documentation is written with best effort, but not guaranteed to be error-free.


Contents
---

- [`power-switch/`](power-switch/) - Notes regarding the power switch,
  including a bash script to be run as a service to power off the system when
  the power switch is moved to the "OFF" position.


MIT Licence
---

All the files provided in this repo, unless otherwise specified in the file
itself or by other appropriate means, are licensed under the MIT Licence.


Copyright (c) 2019 Alvin Wong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
